Reflection

This iteration was difficult in grasping the concepts of how to implement the pytests since there was not really a standard method of doing it. Instead, we utilised our assumptions to write our pytests to demonstrate that we critically analysed the specifications and asked questions on the Piazza forum, in addition to emailing the tutor. 

We delegated the pytests evenly, so that each team member would have 8 each to write. We utilised a google docs spreadsheet to mark off our functions after we finished and ensured that we wrote 2 of our tests before our Week 3 Lab. We also chose as a team to only focus on the assignment during our lab time for week 3, so that we could maximise our collaboration and ask questions to our tutors, who are marking it. This would allow us to get feedback on our work to see if we were going in the right direction and help us for any functions we were stuck on. For our user stories, Didier helped out significantly for this part and the rest of the group helped write the epics and sort them into the correct epic in addition to editing them. We also have a team meeting after our lab every Tuesdays, so that we can discuss any issues and clarify details. These face to face meetings are useful for ensuring everyone knows what to do, and how to do it.

Areas of improvement are being more responsive to messages on our Facebook chat and having everyone contribute to the discussion. This is to ensure that everyone's on the same page and that no one would be left behind. In addition, having our timeline planned out more so that we don't have to rush and merge everything onto the server a couple of hours before the due date would reduce stress. This is something we will implement for the next iteration where we add one online group call a week to discuss our progress as well as the team personally setting deadlines for specific tasks so that we are more on track and have a better grasp of how much work we have left. Areas of improvement are being more responsive to messages on our Facebook chat and having everyone contribute to the discussion. This is to ensure that everyone's on the same page and that no one would be left behind. In addition, having our timeline planned out more so that we don't have to rush and merge everything onto the server a couple of hours before the due date would reduce stress. This is something we will implement for the next iteration where we add one online group call a week to discuss our progress as well as the team personally setting deadlines for specific tasks so that we are more on track and have a better grasp of how much work we have left. 
